Add a proposal template (#47)
webcomponents-cg/community-protocols: README.md

## Get involved

> Check out the [Issues](https://github.com/webcomponents/community-protocols/issues) and [PRs](https://github.com/webcomponents/community-protocols/pulls) currently open on this repo to join in on conversations already inflight regarding a number of exciting areas. If you have ideas on a protocol you like raised to the community open a new [issues](https://github.com/webcomponents/community-protocols/issues/new) so that authors and consumers of libraries and components from across the community that likely have (or wanted to have) implemented features in that area can join in with their use cases as well. Once the rough edges have been hammered out, submit a PR (pull-request) with specs of the protocol and append it to the "Protocols" list below so it can be formalized and put into use across the community. Use this [template](./proposal-template.md) for your proposals PRs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out the [Issues](https://github.com/webcomponents/community-protocols/issues) and [PRs](https://github.com/webcomponents/community-protocols/pulls) currently open on this repo to join in on conversations already inflight regarding a number of exciting areas. If you have ideas on a protocol you'd like raised to the community, open a new [issue](https://github.com/webcomponents/community-protocols/issues/new) so that authors and consumers of libraries and components from across the community who likely have (or wanted to have) implemented features in that area can join in with their use cases as well. Once the rough edges have been hammered out, submit a PR (pull-request) with specs of the protocol and append it to the "Protocols" list below so it can be formalized and put into use across the community. Use this [template](./proposal-template.md) for your proposal's PRs.
```

Just some minor copyedits.
